## The supermarket is closed now
- Jeff, I'm going to the supermarket. Do you want to come with me?
- I think the supermarket is closed now.
- Oh, when does it close?
- It closes at 7:00 on Sundays.
- That's too bad.
- Don't worry, we can go tomorrow morning. It opens at 8:00.
- Alright. What do you want to do now?
- Let's take a walk for a half an hour. My sister will be here at about 8:30 and then we can all go out to dinner. 
- Where does she live?
- She lives in San Francisco.(旧金山)
- How long has she lived there?
- I think she has (she's) lived ther for about ten years.
- That's a long time. Where did she live before that?
- San Diego. (圣地亚哥)
## Who is that woman
- Joseph(约瑟夫), who is that woman?
- That's Susan
- What does she do for work?
- She's a lawyer.
- Is she American?
- No, but she speaks English fluently.
- She's really tall. Do you know her?
- Yes, I know her, we're friends.
- Who's that man standing next to her?
- Which man?
- That short guy on her right, what's his name?
- Oh, that's Matt.(马特)
- He's really good-looking. (他长的真帅。)
- Yeah.
- Do you know him?
- I don't know him, but I think my sister does.
- Is he married?
- Yes, he's married.
- I remember now. I met him before.
## Vacation to Canada
- What's today's date?
- It's July 5th.
- Where are you going on Vacation?
- I'm leaving on Sunday, we're going to Canada.
- Really? The day after tomorrow? That's very soon.
- Yeah, I know.
- How long are you going to stay there?
- About 2 weeks.
- When are you coming back?
- I'm coming back on the 17th.
- Alright. Have a nice trip.
## Common queations
- Brain, do you know how to speak English?
- Yes.
- Where did you learn?
- I learned in college.
- You speak really well.
- Thank you.
- How long have you been in the U.S.?
- Three weeks.
- Is your wife with you?
- Yes, she just got here yesterday.
- Have you been to California before?
- No, I've never been there.
- Have you ever been to Las Vegas?(拉斯维加斯)
- Yes， I went there once on a business trip.
## Do you know the address.
- Excuse me, do you know how to get the mall?
- Sure, I used to work there.(我以前在那儿工作)
- Go straight for about a mile, then trun left at the light.(在红绿灯处)
- The mall will be on your right.
- Do you the address?
- Yes, the address is 541 main street.
- Can you write it down for me please?
- No problem.
- Is it faster if I take Highland avenue?
- No, that way is longer. There are more stop lights on that street.
- I think you're right. Thank you.

- 








